The Joe Rogan experience.
So what happens? You, you got accosted last night.
Oh, we're in it. This is just going. Yeah. Yeah. So, um, good to be here.
Thanks for good.
To have you. Good to.
Have you. Yeah. So we're here. Do you need booze? No, I don't drink,
but I appreciate the, do you want heroin? Heroin would good. Yeah.
I'm still doing heroin.
That's always like the hack joke. I don't drink, but I wanna buy heroin.
It's like, you always go. Like, if someone says they don't drink,
you go with something way more preposterous than drinking. Like, oh, I'm sober.
Right? The other one is, uh, uh, quitter. Well, people say quitter.
That's like a big one to do. That's a big one. But, um, but no,
I appreciate the offer though. I mean, this is cigar.
I might enjoy away once a Gar. Sure. Yeah. I'm on an empty stomach.
So it might make me more jittery than I already am. We'll give it a little.
I'm a big settle in. Yeah, no.
You're not. You're fine. Well, what did I tell this story? You might. Okay.
<laugh> okay. So yeah, we're here in Austin and I got a ride,
a lift to the hotel. I'm staying downtown and we were coming up sixth street,
which I don't know if you've been down there. It's changed a bit.
It's like kind of overrun with street folk homeless. Yes.
There's, there's quite a few, uh, of the, they call them unhoused.
That's the new, more politically correct term. Sure.
I thought street people was good, but maybe that things people peoples.
I don't think they liked that. I don't know if there's like a,
a homeless board talk about the vernacular that they
appreciate. Uh.
Yeah. All right. Well, UN unhoused people that seem, you know, uh,
unwell and they're kind of everywhere, which evidently they just passed a law,
but it hasn't been.
Well, the law is only about camping. Okay. I mean,
you can't stop people from walking around. Right.
So that there's always gonna be an issue. And like, uh,
one of the clubs downtown is a Vulcan gas company and uh,
that place is right caddy corner to a homeless shelter.
So they're all over the place in that area. That's.
Where I think I was on seventh. Right. Is that seventh?
I think is on sixth. Is it on? Yeah,
but the shelter would be the shelter's on seventh. Yeah, I think you're right.
Okay. Well, so.
In that area, so we drove down the street and the guy was kind of saying, yeah,
they've taken over. It's crazy. It's scary. Be careful,
whatever Lyft driver sentence. So I'm like, well, he was like a,
a driver driver, but so I'm already, so I'm already like in head. And then, um,
I asked the lady, I was like, is it safe walking around here? Now?
It feels like it's changed a bit. And she was like, just avoid sixth street.
And I was like, all right, got it. And then, uh, I was like,
I'm gonna go to the Creek, do a spot, texted Rebecca.
And it's like an eight minute walk. I was like, I'll walk there. Now.
I'm a huge pusy anxiety, whole thing.
Although I have been doing mixed martial arts, but we can get to that later. Um,
but so I was walking up the street and I'm like, all right, so far it's so good.
And then I started to get closer and I saw these two guys walking towards me and
they seemed like, you know, near do Wells, just, you know,
by the way they were presenting themselves.
And then there was a guy on a bicycle,
like a BMX style bike who kind of was with them and then rode ahead and kind of
did like a loop behind me. So then I was like, all right,
this feels unsafe. So I kind of just moved to the street,
like off the sidewalk, but still right next to the sidewalk.
And then the two guys, as they passed were like, look at this,
this racist moving into the street, this white guy, this, and, uh,
it seemed.
You were racist because you moved into.
The street. I think, cuz I moved into the street, but that's not what I was.
I wasn't like, oh, here come black guys. Let me move up.
But they were walking up the sidewalk, so I just was moving.
So I didn't have like a and.
A moment where you had to Zig or Zach exactly you left or.
Right, exactly. So I stepped off the sidewalk and he kind of called that out.
And then as they,
we passed each other and I could still hear him kind of like mumbling.
They seemed like they were up. But um, so they were still kind of mumbling.
And then I came to the intersection,
which is where I guess that homeless shelter is.
And there was like 40 homeless people,
not like sleeping tents or on the sidewalk,
but like fighting yelling bottle smashing. And I was just like, ah,
I don't feel like walking through that. That doesn't seem great.
So then I looked to the right was sixth street with a lady was like, yes,
stay off the sixth street.
And then this is all in front of an empty parking lot.
So there's just nobody around it's dark. And I'm like, if I go left,
I'm going up dark street sidewalk. So then I was like,
I'll cross sevens back over there and just start walking back to my hotel.
So I don't have to walk through whatever this scene is.
And then as I was walking back that way,
they were a little ways ahead of me and for whatever reason,
a decided to cross back across the street.
And so we just met right there and then the guy's like,
you wouldn't be following us. Would you? And I was like, no, no, I'm just lost.
And I kind of did like a, I don't want anything to do with you guys.
And then the guy got like right up into my face and was like,
you better be lost you. Why don't you get lost? And like,
so whatever else I was in like panic mode. So I couldn't,
and then there was one of those like scooters, you know,
those rental scooters that everywhere. Yeah.
And he just gave that like a hard kick and did like this thing.
And we were kind of like manager and an umpire just like right there.
And I went, nah, no I'm getting outta here.
And I just kind of walked around and then swallowed all pride and just went
full, full run.
That's a good move. All right. Thanks. I.
Thought you might call me a cut.
No, I might appreciate it. I might have done the same thing.
Well, I mean, again, it's like.
It's a good move, man. You don't,
you don't wanna get into an altercation if you can avoid it.
If you can avoid it by running like the swallow, the pride thing,
like wouldn't like, what are you gonna do?
Just get attacked or what are you gonna do? Fight when you can,
if you can not fight by running, you should definitely run.
Like you talk to any martial arts instructor that will always tell you that if
you can get away a smart one will tell you, get away a dumb one will say, first,
Roy, you gotta kick him in the knee. Then you gotta poke 'em in the eye.
Like the three Stooges, you know, get the out of there, man. Get out of there.
Yeah. So I, I've done a little bit of MMA training in the last couple of years.
And like that's the basic idea, obviously at whatever level,
if you wanna say level, the idea is to use whatever skills to get out of.
Harm's way. I'm not looking to inflict damage on people.
Sometimes it's just people just wanna with you.
So these guys probably just wanted to with you and make you feel uncomfortable
and make you scared. Cause if they wanted to do something,
they probably would've done something. Right?
Yeah. That's how I felt. And I also,
I literally consciously thought me running gives them what they want.
They get a nice like that's right. And I'm, I'm fine with that. I, 39 years old,
I'm not looking to prove anything to anybody. And then Rebecca was like texted,
who runs the Creek and was like, I can send security. And I was like,
I'll take it as a sign. I'll see you tomorrow night. I'll take.
A lift. We have solid security of the Creek though.
They have some big giant dudes. Oh really? Yeah. Some solid dudes.
Oh good to know. Well tonight I'm gonna take a lift. I'm good with walking,
but it was, but I felt good because.
I'll come get you tonight. I'll I'll pick you up. All right. I'll take it.
We'll talk. I appreciate it. Well, I, I, I felt good. Cause when I got back,
I was like, I didn't sit there going, you're a, a piece of.
And nor was I like panicking. I was just like, all right. That.
Was crazy. Yeah. It's not good. You you're,
you're always better off just swallowing pride. Yeah. It's it's hard to, to do,
but it's so important.
Catch new episodes that Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps,
N can download episodes to save on data cost all for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience it.